# 第二周  

## 概率论与随机过程  
- 第五章习题：3，6，8    
- 第十二章习题： 3，7，8  

## 数据库系统原理  
- 实验二报告更新要求：  
  **将SQL语句以文本形式展示在报告中，以方便老师使用MySQL查验**  
- Assignment: Chapter 6  
	1. Discuss the functionality and importance of the Integrity Enhancement Feature (IEF).  
	2. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of views.   
	3. What restrictions are necessary to ensure that a view is updatable?  
	4. Discuss how the Access Control mechanism of SQL works.  
	Answer the following questions using the relational schema from the Exercises at the end of Chapter 3.  
	5. Create the Hotel table using the integrity enhancement features of SQL.  
	6. Now create the Room, Booking, and Guest tables using the integrity enhancement features of SQL with the following constraints:  
		- (a) Type must be one of Single, Double, or Family.  
		- (b) Price must be between £10 and £100.  
		- (c) roomNo must be between 1 and 100.  
		- (d) dateFrom and dateTo must be greater than today’s date.  
		- (e) The same room cannot be double booked.  
		- (f) The same guest cannot have overlapping bookings.  
	7. Consider the following view defined on the Hotel schema:  
```SQL  
CREATE VIEW HotelBookingCount (hotelNo, bookingCount)  
AS SELECT h.hotelNo, COUNT(*) FROM Hotel h, Room r, Booking b  
WHERE h.hotelNo = r.hotelNo AND r.roomNo = b.roomNo  
GROUP BY h.hotelNo;  
```  
	
For each of the following queries, state whether the query is valid and for the valid ones should how each of the queries would be mapped onto a query on the underling base tables.  
- (a) SELECT * FROM HotelBookingCount;  
- (b) SELECT hotelNo FROM HotelBookingCount WHERE hotelNo =‘H001’;  
- (c) SELECT MIN(bookingCount) FROM HotelBookingCount;  
- (d) SELECT COUNT(*) FROM HotelBookingCount;  
- (e) SELECT hotelNo FROM HotelBookingCount WHERE bookingCount > 1000;  
- (f) SELECT hotelNo FROM HotelBookingCount ORDER BY bookingCount;  

## 毛泽东思想和中国特色社会主义理论体系概论  
最后一批幸运鹅记得手写作业  
