# 第三周  
---  

## 概率论与随机过程  
第五章习题：  
- 6，7，8，9（1）  

## 数据库系统原理  
- Assignment  
	1. What are the advantages and disadvantages of SQL?  
	2. What restrictions apply to the use of the aggregate functions within the SELECT statement? How do nulls affect the aggregate functions?  
	3. Explain how the GROUP BY clause works. What is the difference between the WHERE and HAVING clauses?  
 
	**For the following exercises, use the Hotel schema defined at the start of the Exercises at the end of Chapter 3.**  
	**Simple Queries**  
	4. List all double or family rooms with a price below £40.00 per night, in ascending order of price.  
	5. List the bookings for which no dateTo has been specified.  
	**Aggregate Functions**  
	6. How many different guests have made bookings for August?  
	**Subqueries and Joins**  
	7. List the details of all rooms at the Grosvenor Hotel, including the name of the guest staying in the room, if the room is occupied.  
	8. What is the total income from bookings for the Grosvenor Hotel today?  
	9. What is the lost income from unoccupied rooms at the Grosvenor Hotel?  
	**Grouping**  
	10. What is the average number of bookings for each hotel in August?   
	11. What is the most commonly booked room type for each hotel in London?  
	**Creating and Populating Tables**  
	12. Insert records into each of these tables.  
	13. Update the price of all rooms by 5%.  

- 实验2实验报告（新增补充题）：  
	- 截止日期：04/26/2019  
	- 命名格式：实验2_学号_姓名（**是下划线**）  


## 毛泽东思想和中国特色社会主义理论体系概论  
被抽到的八个幸运鹅记得写作业  
