# 第二周  
---  
## 数据库系统原理  
- 第二章作业下周一（03/18/2019）交  
	1. To address the issue of data independence, the ANSI-SPARC three-level architecture was proposed.  
	2. What is a data model? Discuss three components of data model and the main types of data model.  
	3. What is meant by the term ‘client-server architecture’ and what are the advantages of this approach? Compare the client-server architecture with other architecture.  
	4. Discuss the function and importance of the system catalog.  
	5. Write a program that stores name and telephone numbers in a database. Write another program that stores names and addresses in a database. Modify the programs to use external, conceptual, and internal schemas. What are the advantages and disadvantages of this modification?  

- 第三章作业下下周一（03/26/2019）交  
	1. Discuss each of the following concepts:  
		- a) relation  
		- b) domain  
		- c) attribute  
		- d) tuple  
		- e) candidate key  
		- f) primary key  
		- g) foreign key  
	2. Discuss the properties of a relation.  
	3. How do foreign keys of relations relate to candidate keys? Give examples to illustrate your answer.  
	4. What is a view? Discuss the difference between a view and a base relation.  
	5. The following tables form part of a database held in a relational DBMS:  
  
|Hotel|(hotelNo, hotelName, city)|  
|---|---|  
|Room|(roomNo, hotelNo, type, price)|  
|Booking|(hotelNo, guestNo, dateFrom, dateTo, roomNo)|  
|Guest|(guestNo, guestName, guestAddress)|  
Where:  
- Hotel contains hotel details and hotelNo is the primary key;  
- Room contains room details for each hotel and (roomNo, hotelNo) forms the primary key;  
- Booking contains details of the bookings and (hotelNo, guestNo, dateFrom) forms the primary key;  
- Guest contains guest details and guestNo is the primary key.  
Identify the foreign keys in this schema. Explain how the entity and referential integrity rules apply to these relations.  


## 概率论与随机过程  
课本习题P55:  
- 3，7，8，14，16    

## 毛泽东思想和中国特色社会主义理论体系概论  
- 下周交“梦”视频  
- 上周被抽到的八个幸运鹅记得手写作业  